[docs] updates for TPC-C page (#9871)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/benchmark/tpcc-ysql/_index.md

## Overview
Follow the steps below to run the [TPC-C workload](https://github.com/yugabyte/tpcc) against YugabyteDB YSQL. [TPC-C](http://www.tpc.org/tpcc/) is a popular online transaction processing benchmark that provides metrics you can use to evaluate the performance of YugabyteDB for concurrent transactions of different types and complexity that are either either executed online or queued for deferred execution.

> ### Results at a glance ( Amazon Web Services )

Reviewer: No blanks in the parens
```suggestion
### Results at a glance (Amazon Web Services)
```

> All the nodes in the cluster were in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster and was deployed in the same zone as the DB cluster. Each test was run for `30 minutes` after the loading of the data.

Reviewer: I know this paragraph isn't yours, but there's no need for the code font for "30 minutes" :)
```suggestion
All the nodes in the cluster were in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster and was deployed in the same zone as the DB cluster. Each test was run for 30 minutes after the loading of the data.
```

> ### Results at a glance ( Microsoft Azure )
> | Warehouses| TPMC | Efficiency (approx) | Cluster Details
> -------------|-----------|------------|------------|
> 50    | 639.4 | 99.44%   | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks
> 100   | 1,271.37 | 98.86%   | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks
> 1000  | 12,523.97 | 97.39%   | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks
> 2000  | 25,407.43 | 98.78%   | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks
> 
> All the nodes in the cluster were in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster and was deployed in the same zone as the DB cluster. Each test was run for `30 minutes` after the loading of the data.

Reviewer: General cleanup, including better table markup...
```suggestion
### Results at a glance (Microsoft Azure)

| Warehouses | TPMC | Efficiency (approx) | Cluster details |
| :--------- | :--- | :-----------------: | :-------------- |
| 50 | 639.4 | 99.44% | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks |
| 100 | 1,271.37 | 98.86% | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks |
| 1000 | 12,523.97 | 97.39% | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks |
| 2000 | 25,407.43 | 98.78% | 3 nodes of type `D16 v3` (16 vCPUs) with `P40` disks |

All nodes in the cluster were in the same zone. The benchmark VM was the same type as the nodes in the cluster, and was deployed in the same zone as the DB cluster. Each test was run for 30 minutes after the loading of the data.
```

<password></password>
```

> ## 3. Best Practices

Reviewer: Sentence case headings
```suggestion
## 3. Best practices
```

> <b>Latest TPCC Code</b><br/>
> Use the latest enhancements of the Yugabyte TPCC application `git clone`.
> 
> <b>Pre-Compacting Tables</b><br/>
> Pre-compact tables using the compact_table command in the yb-admin utility. 
> 
> <b>Warming the Database</b><br/>
> Make use of the --warmup-time-secs flag when calling the execute phase of the TPCC benchmark.

Reviewer: Run-in headings are more appropriate here. Also, what do you mean in the "latest tpcc code" item?
```suggestion
**Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application `git clone`.

**Pre-compacting tables:** Pre-compact tables with the yb-admin utility's `compact_table` command.

**Warming the database:** Use the `--warmup-time-secs` flag when you call the execute phase of the TPCC benchmark.
```

Author: As opposed to downloading a specific release of the tpcc application - use git clone and get all code updates

Reviewer: Ah ok, I see what you mean. I'll make a quick update and I think we'll be good to go.

<password></password>
```

## 3. Best practices

> **Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application `git clone`.

Reviewer 2: This is something we can avoid now. We are planning a release in this week. Once that is done, one can download the latest binaries from the release page.

Author: Thanks @hbhanawat! Going forward and similar to the past reason for this initially, the latest enhancements will always be found in the source itself. Recommend we keep git clone unless there is a reason not to?

> **Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application `git clone`.

Reviewer: Is this a useful change? It's at least two complete sentences, which seems like an improvement ;-)
```suggestion
**Latest TPCC code:** Use the latest enhancements to the Yugabyte TPCC application. You can either download the latest released version, or, to get the very latest changes, you can clone the repository and build from source.
```
